hello I am alexis poacher
welcome to kitchen - drawings
today we will realize the one
of game that comes from Picardy
so I remind you of the principle of
the show you see me your recipes
in drawing and I cook them for
this recipe we will need water
potable
a rice cake a few beans the
shrimp oil piquillo
olive oil peanut vinegar
white balsamic must be attacked
with our shrimps
we are going to dissect them nicely
raise your head and then we dissect
on the other hand we will keep the last rings
who won a little aesthetic side to
our set
we 're just going away loyal is called
castrated one says more sacred for a
langoustine but hey we can see
today for a shrimp see with
the toothpick we made a small hole at the
basis that avoids the opening two one
removed the casing from each shrimp
now we go snacks and net
peanut oil
let it be said break
we think to season of course that
instead of beans so everything is eaten
the cause if we remove this this little
film that there is inside preferred
choose young beans
they are much more tender and
especially if you have to write kitchens
as we will do
the piquionne we will carve a thin
brunoise
for the facts we will just crush them
we're going to take shrimp
we get the beans we will mix them
the piquillos we will be surprised with
white balsamic vinegar one to two
spoons of olive oil and of course a
little bit of salt the poutargue started to
serve just increased it's very very good
juice on a small toast of bread with a
little butter we will cook it
differently mule's cde agrees
watch out for the wax that's around
do not eat
we almost all of you
ask what are we going to do with that this
rice cake we'll just fry it
we will try to have a form of
tortillas kids because out of the
fryer up well the snacks and salty
immediately to fix the salt go on
will start to train we will start
our little condiments at the bottom our
chips over it halal is what
have fun level drawing the botargo
and we will get some candy man back
inside
we will just finish with the little
Vinaigrette
we will finish with some leaves of
cilantro here and there and then basta
I thank djidji picardie of
have allowed me to create this recipe
so now do not hesitate too
to send me your drawings and I will get myself
a pleasure to cook them
see you soon